four more hostages held by Hamas and
Gaza have been declared dead the Israeli
Army says the 85-year-old amiram Cooper
Kim Perry and yuram mea both 80 and the
51-year-old Israeli British citizen nadf
poaw died together in Khan Yunis Hamas
has not yet released their bodies
Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has again said he will not
accept a ceasefire in Gaza until all of
Israel's conditions are met the military
has meanwhile carried out more air
strikes in the south of the territory
there's no let up in the
fighting Relentless strikes on
Rafa wounded Palestinians are taken to
tents at a field Hospital in the
Southernmost city of
Gaza strikes also hit the city of
hunis where destruction is so widespread
that newly flattened building bu ings no
longer Stand Out Underneath the rubble
is Amir Al
bra sahar's
mother enough we have lost a lot we lost
all our loved ones we have nothing left
enough for the love of God Implement his
ceasefire enough we are tired humiliated
and
broken but prospects F full truce now
look slim after US President Joe Biden
presented what he called an Israeli
ceasefire proposal that would also see
to the release of hostages held by Hamas
good afternoon Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu came forward and
dismissed the deal he insists that fully
destroying Hamas has been a key priority
from the
start we are using countless ways to
bring back our
hostages we've come a long way but in
the process we've kept the objectives in
mind primarily the elimination of
Hamas we won't give up on them either
it's all part of the
plan but there's also been pressure on
Netanyahu to seek a truce in Israel
families of hostages have been calling
for an agreement that would bring their
missing loved ones
home I feel
that from week to week it just we hear
it just about more and more hostages
that are dying and now we are in a
critical moment and if we're not going
to negotiate and we'll make a hostage
deal there's no hope for this country to
Israel and I can't see them uh coming
back alive whoever is still alive if
it's not going to
happen now like in these
days and in Gaza as more more mounds of
rubble pile up International pressure is
mounting on Israel to end its
War our Washington correspondent
Benjamin aarz gruba has this assessment
of us reactions to Israel's resistance
to the latest ceasefire
proposal the White House says that
what's important also to see other
Regional partners are looking at this
proposal and there have been many
comments coming out from Washington on
this topic Jake Sullivan the US na
security advisor said Israel has shown
willingness to agree to a ceasefire and
hostage release by this deal that was
set out by President Biden and the White
House is insisting that this peace plan
was Israel's own and was not drafted by
Washington to put a pressure on its Ally
as some people have been suggested and
that still seems to be necessary as many
still wonder why it wasn't US president
and not an Israeli Prime Minister
presenting what President Biden called
this Israeli proposal